[miniflare] Add backend resources for email capture and storage (#15064)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/local-explorer-email-api.md

---
"miniflare": minor
---

> Capture locally sent and received emails, along with forwarding and reply activity and metadata, for inspection through the Local Explorer email API.

Reviewer: a list of the endpoints would be useful to include - basically people are lazy so changesets should include with code-snippets/examples 

and they should probably all have a short 'headline' like - 'Inspect emails with new local local explorer APIs'

most of the battle is making people aware of new features, so anything we can do to make it super obvious is good 😅

Use the Local Explorer API to inspect captured emails programmatically. File paths logged by the `send_email` binding are asynchronous debugging artifacts and should not be used as a synchronization mechanism after `send()` resolves.

Email handler exceptions are logged when structured local delivery reports an exception outcome.

> When captured email content exceeds the local storage row budget, the email is delivered in full and the Local Explorer copy is truncated to fit. The Local Explorer API marks truncated copies in its response messages without adding console warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When email content exceeds the local storage row budget of ~2MB, the email will be delivered in full but the Local Explorer capture is truncated to fit. The Local Explorer API marks truncated copies in its response messages <with what?>.
```
